Egg Fried Rice

This shit is so good i lobe it

---ingredients

5 rice cups day old rice
8 eggs
2 small leeks (or equal amount spring onions)
80 mL of milk (or cream)
ABC (Kecap Manis)
vegetable oil
sesame oil
msg
salt
turmeric

---steps

Slice the leeks into two strips length-wise, and wash them thoroughly.

chop them up into about 0.75cm thick pieces, and separate dark greens from whites.

Break your eggs into 2 bowls, and add about 1/4 tsp of salt to each bowl.
Beat the eggs, and split the milk between them, stirring it through a bit. The milk will make the eggs slightly more tender.

Heat up your wok on 7/10, and when it starts to smoke, add a few tbsp of vegetable oil.
Swirl it around, and add one bowl of eggs to the wok.

Let the egg solidify for 10 seconds or so, and then start breaking them up.
Once they're almost fried, remove them from the wok, and put them on a plate.

Let the wok heat up again on 9/10, add the same amount of oil as for the eggs and swirl it around
before adding about half of your rice. If it sticks together, don't be afraid to gently squash it to spread it out, but keep it moving. Do not add any more oil at this point.

Once the rice starts crisping up (this might take between 5-10 minutes depending on your setup) you can add a bit of turmeric, about a teaspoon of salt, a quarter teaspoon msg.

Move the rice to one side, add a bit of oil and throw in half of the white parts of your leeks.
Let them fry up for a 20 seconds, making sure your rice isn't in full heat.
At this point, you can stir the leeks through the rice.

Turn your stove to 10/10 heat, and on your spatula, add a tablespoon of ABC.
Swirl it around the sides of the wok, and sweep everything that sticks to the spatula through your rice.
At the same time, add the green parts of your leeks. 
Stir it around for maybe another 30 seconds, and turn off the heat.

Add the egg and stir through the rice together with 1/2tsp sesame oil.
If you find the rice has formed small chunks, you might have used too much oil.

Enjoy!